readme.md, before:

# ![icon](media/image/icon/icon48.png) ROTA
Made with Godot 3.6 / Gravity Bending Puzzle Platformer 

Play now on [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1993830/ROTA/) or [itch.io](https://harmonyhoney.itch.io/rota) ! (:

![main_capsule](media/image/assets/main_capsule.png)

## License
The [Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/). See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

This license does not include the addons/ folder.

## Steam
Using [Godot-Steam-API](https://github.com/samsface/godot-steam-api) by [samsface](https://github.com/samsface/)! (:

## Screenshots
![shot1](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/1.png)
![shot2](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/2.png)
![shot3](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/3.png)
![shot4](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/4.png)
![shot5](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/5.png)
![shot6](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/6.png)
![shot7](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/7.png)
![shot8](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/8.png)
![shot9](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/9.png)
![shot10](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/10.png)

Commit message:

update readme & butler_push to include android (: re enable steam_api

readme.md, after:

# ![icon](media/image/icon/icon48.png) ROTA
Made with Godot 3.6 / Gravity Bending Puzzle Platformer 

Available for Linux, Windows, Mac, Web & Android !

Play now on [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1993830/ROTA/) or [itch.io](https://harmonyhoney.itch.io/rota) (:

![main_capsule](media/image/assets/main_capsule.png)

## License
The [Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/). See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

This license does not include the addons/ folder.

## Steam
Using [Godot-Steam-API](https://github.com/samsface/godot-steam-api) by [samsface](https://github.com/samsface/)! (:

## Screenshots
![shot1](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/1.png)
![shot2](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/2.png)
![shot3](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/3.png)
![shot4](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/4.png)
![shot5](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/5.png)
![shot6](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/6.png)
![shot7](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/7.png)
![shot8](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/8.png)
![shot9](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/9.png)
![shot10](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/10.png)
![shot11](media/image/assets/screens/thumb/11.png)
